Documentation on InMemoryPersistence GatewayDeduplicationCacheSize (#4395)
Particular/docs.particular.net: persistence/in-memory_gatewaydedupe_[7.1.10,).partial.md

## Gateway deduplication

> The in memory gateway deduplication persistence uses a LRU cache. This cache by default can contain a maximum of 10,000 items. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The in memory gateway deduplication persistence uses a LRU cache. By default this cache can contain up to 10,000 items. The maximum size can be changed using the following API.
```
